Eventually we're gonna have to deal with
the fact of what happens if you push bad
code, right?
Or what happens if you push better code?
Right, you deploy the feature.
Now you deployed a new feature.
We look at the cash policies.
We can go ahead and hit at it.
So we're redirecting, we can actually go
in here and view this caching policy.
And you can see basically
the default setting.
So minimum cache links for a second.
Maximum, I don't know, that's a year,
and by default cache everything that
goes through all those CloudFront
edge nodes for 24 hours, right?
So what happens if you push
a new version on the page?
And yeah, you've directly
fingerprinted your bundles, right.
But it has the same file name no
matter what, or index or HTML, right.
They load index.HTML that
loads the right main.shot.js.
So whatever your build system spits out,
so that becomes tricky,
which is we need to say called front.
Forget everything you
know about index.HTML.
There's a few ways you
can go about doing this.
And one of my current coworkers and
I had this discussion about
which is the right way to do it.
I think probably both have different sets
of trade offs and you get to choose.
For him he wanted to basically
have index.HTML have
a much shorter time to live, right?
Figure everyone who visits
is caching that one, right?
So give it a five second,
a minute, five minute TTL, right?
So basically, when we say those edge
nodes, the first person who gets an edge
note that doesn't have the file pays the
cost to go all the way back to Amazon and
get it, and then everyone else keeps it.
CloudFront by default will say 24 hours,
right?
And then we can play this whole game
again, and the one person will eat
the time to go all the way back to
Virginia to go get the file, right.
So he kept a low one for index.HTML and
then very high for the rest of the files.
Because that's the only ones changing,
everything else is fingerprinted so
on and so forth.
I kept it high for everything, right?
I'll show you the one weird trick
to get around this in a second.
So, you can change these
as much as you want.
The other thing that you can do
is if you go over here to back
to the behaviors menu,
this is the default behavior, right?
You could create a new behavior for
/index.HTML, right?
And you could say all the same things.
And you could set a different policy for
just that file.
Or you might say that, okay, for
the index page, I want this, for
images though keeping for a year, we know
that there's no way to replace an image.
And our app hypothetical is whatever the
app you're working on is, you might say,
okay, images or
anything in the images directory,
or that goes to the images bucket.
You might keep your images
in a different bucket.
That we know that there's
no way to replace them,
there's only a way to upload.
Fine, cool, keep that for a lot longer.
A lot of this will depend on the nature of
your application and that's totally fine.
And you can figure that all out for
yourself, but
you can actually have different sets of
cash rules for different kinds of files.
And you can set those up here as well.
So you can, if you really want to,
you can create a different one,
if you are on the belief system that
you should have a different one for
index.HTML, that will
totally work as well.
But let's come l down to the idea that
okay, let's say you set it to 10 minutes,
but somebody pushed bad code,
totally wasn't you.
I always say, yeah, who pushed it but
who also code reviewed it?
Because, it's usually the first person who
blames whoever wrote the code is the one
who code reviewed it and even five or
10 minutes is not acceptable to you.
In that case, you have something
that we like to call invalidations.
That's not just a mean thing
you say to your friends,
that is a thing that means
something in CloudFront.
So an invalidation is basically
a way to tell CloudFront,
forget everything you
know about that file.
I don't care if the time
to live was five years.
Don't the have five year time to live but
you don't I mean, just forget it.
[LAUGH] Wipe it from your memory
like the movie Men in Black,
right where they see an alien and
then it's just totally gone.
That's basically what we
wanna do to CloudFront.
And I made a joke about this earlier.
One of the ways we can do this,
we can hit Create invalidation.
And you can type in all of the different
paths that you should forget about.
The limitation here is
you get 1,000 of them for
free after that it's fractions
of a fraction of a cent,
right or something along those lines but
the interesting part is that
you can use wild cards, right?
So, firing off 10 invalidations for 10
different file paths is 10 invalidations.
That's one, right?
So what I'm gonna do is we'll go ahead and
that still hasn't applied,
we will investigate it that
is still broken in a second.
We will go and investigate that cuz that
should work but, yeah, things are weird.
So we'll take the site and
I'm gonna open it up in my browser
real quick, or my code editor.
And I'm gonna search for the word indigo.
And I'm gonna change all
instances of indigo to pink.
All right, and at that point,
I'm gonna do an npm run build.
I'm just gonna effectively deploy
a new version of it, and we'll do
All right,
unless I've messed something up.
Still blue.
I also should have validated with local
host to see if I actually turned it pink
and save the file but I'm willing to
believe that's not my issue right now.
But it's blue.
Why is it blue?
Because CloudFront has it cached for
24 hours, right?
So go ahead and
we'll make an invalidation.
Like we threatened to earlier.
We'll say invalidate everything.
And now you see it's in progress.
Like I said, it's going to 300 edge nodes.
It's really cool, right, that this works
at all if it takes a little bit of time,
we're totally into it.
Right, I, if you think about that you
just spun up the ability to distribute
application around the world and yeah,
sure we can make some fun of the UI
sometimes, still pretty cool
technology under the hood.
I am impatient so I am gonna hit Refresh.
You see now it's pink cuz
I invalidated the cache.
I got a fresh version, so on and so forth.
So, that is invalidation.
One of the places that we're gonna use it
is when we build a CI/CD pipeline, right?
That way, we're gonna say,
when you deploy a fresh version,
what I want you to do is to go ahead and
send out an validation when
the new version has been uploaded.